TEDU-109 Review and update How to switch to a Composer-based installation (#92)
mautic/user-documentation: docs/getting_started/switching_composer.rst

.. vale on

Until Mautic 4, you could download Mautic as a ZIP file and install it on any PHP server. 

> However, many Users were running into installation and update errors, many of which caused considerable frustration and in some cases, significant business disruption. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, many Mautic users were running into installation and update errors, many of which caused considerable frustration and in some cases, significant business disruption. 
```

Here we are talking about the folks who use Mautic rather than Users in the Mautic user management, so lower case U.

> n addition, Mautic recently introduced the :ref:`Mautic Marketplace` which isn't compatible with this installation method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, Mautic recently introduced the :ref:`Mautic Marketplace` which isn't compatible with this installation method.
```

> Next to that, Mautic recently introduced the :ref:`Mautic Marketplace` which isn't compatible with this installation method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, Mautic recently introduced the :ref:`Mautic Marketplace` which isn't compatible with this installation method.
```
